---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vnpaycloud Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vnpaycloud Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `allow_reauth` (Boolean) If set to `false`, VNPAY Cloud authorization won't be perfomed
automatically, if the initial auth token get expired. Defaults to `true`
- `application_credential_id` (String) Application Credential ID to login with.
- `application_credential_name` (String) Application Credential name to login with.
- `application_credential_secret` (String) Application Credential secret to login with.
- `auth_url` (String) The Identity authentication URL.
- `base_url` (String) The base URL.
- `cacert_file` (String) A Custom CA certificate.
- `cert` (String) A client certificate to authenticate with.
- `cloud` (String) An entry in a `clouds.yaml` file to use.
- `default_domain` (String) The name of the Domain ID to scope to if no other domain is specified. Defaults to `default` (Identity v3).
- `delayed_auth` (Boolean) If set to `false`, VNPAY Cloud authorization will be perfomed,
every time the service provider client is called. Defaults to `true`.
- `disable_no_cache_header` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the HTTP `Cache-Control: no-cache` header will not be added by default to all API requests.
- `domain_id` (String) The ID of the Domain to scope to (Identity v3).
- `domain_name` (String) The name of the Domain to scope to (Identity v3).
- `enable_logging` (Boolean) Outputs very verbose logs with all calls made to and responses from VNPAY Cloud
- `endpoint_overrides` (Map of String) A map of services with an endpoint to override what was
from the Keystone catalog
- `endpoint_type` (String)
- `insecure` (Boolean) Trust self-signed certificates.
- `key` (String) A client private key to authenticate with.
- `max_retries` (Number) How many times HTTP connection should be retried until giving up.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to login with.
- `project_domain_id` (String) The ID of the domain where the proejct resides (Identity v3).
- `project_domain_name` (String) The name of the domain where the project resides (Identity v3).
- `region` (String) The VNPAY Cloud region to connect to.
- `swauth` (Boolean) Use Swift's authentication system instead of Keystone. Only used for
interaction with Swift.
- `system_scope` (Boolean) If set to `true`, system scoped authorization will be enabled. Defaults to `false` (Identity v3).
- `tenant_id` (String) The ID of the Tenant (Identity v2) or Project (Identity v3)
to login with.
- `tenant_name` (String) The name of the Tenant (Identity v2) or Project (Identity v3)
to login with.
- `token` (String) Authentication token to use as an alternative to username/password.
- `user_domain_id` (String) The ID of the domain where the user resides (Identity v3).
- `user_domain_name` (String) The name of the domain where the user resides (Identity v3).
- `user_id` (String) User ID to login with.
- `user_name` (String) Username to login with.
